I
Oh
l'occitane shots going to get price
lifted around for three 3 confirmed two
came from the judge so 3-0 lead for
Brian Murphy one of five Illinois
rustlers here in the finals we've had
the three from army and now Murphy and
Sam Brooks Murphy had a Carol Stream
Illinois suburban Chicago with a
freshman his past year 130 pounds for
glenbard north high school pretty solid
program at naperville general vicinity
inch the Chicagoland suburban area
while Tim Fox was again second and greco
first-year cadet the seventh in the
state tournament at field high school at
a subfield Ohio
it's actually first-year cadet by whore
days
boxing on the shot again trying to come
around gains control when one point on
the takedown so a 3-1 lead with 22 to go
first period will go to Murphy
replays you see courtesy Adam fan
working our production signs been a huge
help to us see us a rest in this week
working our replays for the finals
giving you the fans at home a little bit
more of a webcast experience than you
might be used to so greetings
salutations and congratulations and
thanks and any generale glittering
generalities you can throw around but
mean it send atoms ways that have been a
great help to us so we appreciate him
being on board he's also saved my sanity
after eight days in this town we start
seeing things right now I'm seeing as
zeros on the school board with 30
seconds gone by in period number two
with Fox in red and suffield of suffield
Ohio and Brian Murphy
you're fishing for this match James
bruschetta of Washington
judge out of Kentucky tosca Adams and
your chair for Minnesota Tom Cui's Lee
ah
2-0 lead for Murphy looking to become
the third Illinois champ tonight and I'm
sure if he becomes the third champ with
that takedown it really helps him the 30
leawood 30 go if he becomes the third
Illinois champ the Illinois contingent
is going to probably come up with an
interesting Chan or two I am kind of
disappointed no Maryland in the finals I
always like to see the rubber chicken
being thrown across the race man they
get a noisy officials a little bit but
it's unique in that respect 12 seconds
to go on the restart Tim Fox second
greco Brian Murphy
Adam glenbard north high school and
that'll do it so another Champion for
Illinois and this one comes at 140
pounds of Carol Stream Illinois it's
Brian Murphy your cadet freestyle
champion here in Fargo